
listScreenBackground: #f5f6fb
profileScreenBackground: #f3f4fa

headerBullet: #a6ddf9

profileImgBorder: #dde3e8
availabilityOnline: #5cb466
availabilityOffline:#788995
availabilityBorder: #ffffff
activityColor: #dde3e8
nameLabel: #314d6c
specializationLabel: #788995
availabilityOnlineLabel: #5cb466
availabilityOfflineLabel: #e13636

tryAgainButtonTitle: #ffffff
noInternetLabel: #4a4a4a
tryAgainButtonBg: #3084b2
noInternetViewBg: #f5f6fb

profileScreenNameLabel: #314d6c
profileScreenRateLabel: #007498
profileScreenInterestLabel: #717781
profileScreenSpecialityLabel: #314d6c
profileScreenSendMsgButton: #3084b2
profileScreenListRequestSession: #5cb466
profileScreenListUpdate: #717781
profileScreenListSession: #314d6c
profileScreenBookButton: #3084b2
profileScreenBookButtonLabel: #ffffff
profileScreenNotificationButtonLabel: #ffffff
profileScreenAppoinment: #dde3e8
profileScreenSessionDate: #314d6c
profileScreenSegmentUnselected: #9498a1
profileScreenSegmentSelected: #3084b2
profileScreenAboutHeaders: #314d6c
profileScreenAboutLabel: #65717a
profileScreenNoSessions: #444243
bookingSheetKSATimeZone: #9498a1

